Bounding Box IC complete (#43)
idaholab/salamander: doc/content/source/userobjects/BoundingBoxInitializer.md

> # BoundingBoxInitializer

Reviewer: I think this name might be a little vague; there's nothing that suggests that it's for particles. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I agree. `ParticleBoundingBoxInitializer` maybe (to be consistent with `ParticlesPerElementInitializer`)?

Author: I agree with this being an issue, I think something like `OtherDescriptionParticleInitializer` would be a good way to set a standard. I will make this change

Reviewer: thanks! We try to avoid general object names because once you combine applications together, it's easy to get collisions with object names which will just not work

!syntax description /UserObjects/BoundingBoxInitializer

> 

Reviewer 2: Please expand on how you do this. Present the main user inputs and steps of the algorithm. 
Otherwise the note you are providing here lacks context.

Author: I added a bit more context to this as well

!alert note

> This method does not give explict control over the total number of macro particles per element that will be created. If an entire element is contained within the bounding box, however, if a part of an element is contained within a bounding box then that element will contain the requested particles per element. All other elements on average will contain a number of particles proportional to fraction of the its volume contained in the bounding box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method provides the desired macro particle density, but does not give explicit control over the total number of macro particles per element that will be created within the bounding box. If an entire element is contained within the bounding box, then that element will contain the requested number of particles per element. However, if only part of an element is contained within a bounding box, then it will contain a smaller number of particles per element, which is proportional to the fraction of the its volume contained in the bounding box.
```
Please adjust as needed.

Author: I have added a bit more detail and adjusted the note.
